Amruta Mohite
amruta.mohite26@gmail.com

Objective:

To seek a challenging career that will test my engineering application skills and in the process, augment my knowledge.


Profile Summary:

???Software Engineer with 16 months of IT experience in a wireless product company. 
????Experience in Web development in LAMP (Linux,Apache,My-SQL,PHP)
???BE [Information Technology] 2009 pass out from University of Pune.
???Secured second rank in a class of 130 students in BE.
???Consistent academic record: First Class with Distinction in 7 out of 8 semesters of engineering and First Class in the remaining one.
????Practical knowledge of C, C++, Core Java, Oracle and MS-Access.


 2009 passout with average percentage of 69.01%

Work Experience: 
OrganizationFrom DateTo DateDesignationWifi-soft Solutions20-09-2010Till dateSoftware Engineer

      Project Name:  Unibox
	 Designation: Software Engineer
     Domain: Web development and wireless networking
     Duration: 6 months
     Key Skills: HTML ,CSS ,PHP ,MySQL, Javascript

    ??Project Overview
     Unibox is a network controller for managing public access networks. It can be primarily used in university campuses, hotels, enterprises and public Wi-Fi hotspots to manage network access for users.
    Unibox is deployed as a gateway i.e. it connects two networks together. The WAN side is connected to the Internet and the LAN side is connected to local area network. The LAN side can be connected into a wired or wireless network. In case of wireless network, the LAN side is connected to several access points which are responsible for providing connectivity over Wi-Fi.
    Unibox has a built-in database and authentication server. The database stores all the user information, session history and usage for users. 






Unibox provides the following features:-

Network controller
Authentication (AAA) services
Customized Captive Portals
Group based quota and usage restrictions
Policy Management
QoS (Quality of Service)
Prepaid/Access codes
Credit Card Billing (optional)
Content Filtering
Usage Tracking
Web activity logs
Automatic Subscriber Reauthentication
Network Monitoring
Alerts & Notifications


?????My Role: 

Responsible for testing of customized captive portals, authentication services, policy management and web activity logs. Writing test cases for the same. 
Design and implementation of Billing and Reports module. 
Billing module consisted of integration of various payment gateways like Paypal, Authorize.Net etc for credit card billing. It also included integration of access codes (prepaid coupons)
Reports module included various kinds of reports in tabular as well as graphical format.(Usage reports, Revenue reports etc).JpGraph was  used for implementation of graphical reports. 

      
     Project Name:  Unibox- as a standalone controller
	 Designation: Software Engineer
     Domain: Web development and wireless networking
     Duration: 2 months
     Key Skills: HTML, CSS, PHP, MySQL,Javascript


??????Project Overview
     Unibox as a standalone controller is a stripped down version of Unibox wherein, the Authentication services (AAA) are carried out by an external Authentication server and all the other users and usage related functionality is handled by our hosted Wi-fi hotspot management solution namely ‘Wifilan’.


    ??????My Role: 

Refactoring of user interface of Unibox.
Implementation of database schema creation and backup scripts.
Modifications and upgrades in installation scripts for Unibox to act only as a network controller.
Flashing of this version of Unibox on CF (Compact Flash) and unit testing of the same.

     Project Name:  Telivo-Uconnect Integration  
	 Designation: Software Engineer
     Client: BBG(US)
     Domain: Web development 
     Duration: 3 months
     Key Skills: PHP, MySQL,Javascript,JSON


     ???Project Overview
           ‘Uconnect’ is a VoIP service. The idea was to integrate this service with Wifi management solution ‘Wifilan’, through customize portal pages. It included collection of subscriber information by Wi-fi portals, sending this information to Telivo as well as local database through use of API’s and JSON data exchange.


    ??????My Role: 
Understanding the requirements and designing the proposed system.
Understanding of web services and API’s provided by Telivo and integration of those with Wifilan.
Implementation of user creation API depending on successful authentication in the system.
Handling client calls and documentation of the project.



     Project Name:  Database Design for Wifilan-2.0(new release)
	 Designation: Software Engineer and DBA
     Domain: Databases
     Duration: 2 months
     Key Skills: MySQLi , Mysqlworkbench


     ???Project Overview
                       This project included investigation and study of existing database design of Wifilan and redesigning the same for refactoring/code rewrite for new release namely Wifilan-2.0.    
       
    ??????My Role: 
Understanding the existing database schema and storage engines used.
Identifying the types of keys and normalization of database schema.
Updating the entire design using MySQLi 
Investigation of mechanisms for database replication.
Design of ER model and relationships among tables in entire database schema using MySQLWorkbench tool.   
Incorporating schema changes and maintaining consistent DB design. 








     Project Name:  Refactoring / Code rewrite of Wifilan 
	 Designation: Software Engineer and DBA
     Domain: Web Development
     Duration: September 2011 till date
     Key Skills: SAVANT-3, Quickform-2, PEAR, MySQLi , Mysqlworkbench ,JQuery
    


     ???Project Overview
                       This project involves code rewrite for ‘Wifilan’ alongwith some enhanced functionalities using PHP framework (SAVANT-3) and JQuery. 
       
    ??????My Role: 
Design and implementation of Billing and Admin modules.
Billing module consists of different types of plans, integration of access codes, billing gateways, plan vouchers etc
Admin module consists of implementation of mechanism to manage different kinds of accounts, timezone settings etc. This section basically has a centralized control of entire ‘Wifilan’



Technical Skills

Operating Systems:Linux(Redhat/Suse/Ubuntu/Fedora),DOS, Windows98/2000/XPLanguages:C,C++,Core Java, Unix Shell scripts, SQL, HTML, XMLDatabases:Oracle,MS-AccessTools/IDEsJCreator, Visual Studio (for Visual Basic 6.0 development)


Academic Projects:


??Project Name:  Simulation of Cross Compiler
  Technologies:   Embedded C, Unix Shell Scripts, 8051 Microcontroller
  Year:    	       2009 (Final Year Project)

???Project Overview:  ‘Simulation of Cross Compiler’ was a research project    allocated to us by University of Pune. Being a research project, there was a lot of emphasis on literature survey along with proof of concept implementations.
   The aim was to simulate a cross compiler by focusing upon its two main issues namely multiplatform compatibility and application in embedded systems. The project consisted of two independent modules:-

  The first module dealt with multiplatform issue of a cross compiler. For this purpose an existing cross compiler called MinGW (Minimalist GNU for Windows) was used and configured with GCC to build a cross platform hosted compiler with Windows-XP and Fedora Core 7 being the host and target platforms respectively. Till now, MinGW was only used on Windows platform for cross compilation of applications developed in languages like C, C++. The information as to how it can be configured with Linux was available but not implemented. We implemented the same using shell scripts and open source softwares like binutils,mingw runtime and gcc. 
 
  The second module simulated cross compilation using 8051 microcontroller.
  To demonstrate this, we established a serial communication link between PC and     8051 microcontroller via RS-232 cable. The application was developed in ‘Embedded C’ using SIDE51 or SC51 IDE. It’s an IDE which is used for 8051 applications. After compilation of the application a corresponding .hex file is generated. This hex file was downloaded into 8051 microcontroller using software called ‘Flash Magic’ (s/w which programs and verifies Intel hex files). This hex file is burnt and serial communication between microcontroller and PC is achieved via RS-232 cable connecting COM port of PC and microcontroller. The serial data transmitted by the microcontroller is received by the PC in the form of bytes and was displayed with the help of GUI developed in VB 6.0


??	My Role: 

	??? Literature Survey
	2. Preparation of design diagrams as required for implementation.
	3. Coding in Embedded C and testing.


??Project Name:  Objective Examination System
  Technologies:   Visual Basic 6.0, Oracle 9i			
  Year:	       2008	
    
????Project Overview:  As the name suggests, the project was an interactive         examination system, where the candidate can answer multiple choice questions and obtain scores at the end of the examination.

??	My Role: 

	??? I was primarily involved in designing the user interface coding using Visual   Basic and unit testing.
	2. I was also involved in functional testing of the application.



??Project Name:  Tour Management System
  Technologies:   Visual Basic 6.0, MS-Access
  Year:	       2008 	
    
???Project Overview:  The system implemented was an application which gave tourists information about various places worth visiting in India. It would give the approximate cost of the tour as per the requirements specified by the user. 
My contribution to the project was designing of database and testing.




??	My Role: 

	??? I was responsible for designing database – tables and relationships and writing all the SQL queries required for the application.

      

 Achievements:

??Secured second rank in a class of 130 students in BE.
??Awarded Best outgoing student in BE.



Activities:

?????Co-ordinator of IT Students Organization (‘VISION-IT’) for all four years of engineering.
??????Member of organizing committee for various intra and inter college events –INVIGOR (Annual technical event of SKNCOE), Techxtravaganza (Technical event of IT department of SKNCOE).


Personal Details:

?	Full Name: Amruta Jayant Mohite
?	Date of Birth: 26 July 1987
?	Gender: Female
?	Marital Status: Single
??????Postal Address: Survey No: 131/1-1, Warje, ‘Ishan-Sanskruti’, Flat B-19,                 
    Pune-411058
?	Phone (Cell):91-9665051596
?	Phone (Residence):91-020-25235235
??????Email: amruta.mohite26@gmail.com
            

