SAMPLE RESUME FORMAT

Email : rajendra88889393@gamil.com
Although the Federal Government does not require a standard application form for most jobs, we do need certain information to evaluate your qualifications and determine if you meet legal requirements for Federal employment. If your resume or application does not provide all the information requested in the job vacancy announcement you may lose consideration for a job. 
WHAT TO INCLUDE 
Job Information
Announcement number, title and grade of the job you are applying for
Personal Information
Full name, mailing address (with Zip Code)
Day and Evening phone numbers
Email
Country of Citizenship
Veterans’ Preference
Reinstatement eligibility (Proof of your career or career conditional status may be requested) 
Highest Federal civilian grade held (provide job series and dates held)

Desired Location(s)
	
Work Experience
Provide information for your paid and nonpaid work experience related to the job you are applying for.

Job Title (include series and grade if Federal job)
Job Address
Duties and accomplishments 
Employer’s name and address 
Starting and ending dates (month and year) 
Hours per week
Salary 
Supervisor’s name and phone number 
Indicate if we may contact your current supervisor.

Education

High School
Name, City, and State 
Date of diploma or GED 
Colleges or Universities
Name, City, and State 
Majors
Type and year of any degrees received 
If no degree, show total credits earned and indicate whether semester or quarter hours.) 
A copy of your college transcript may be requested if you are using education to meet qualification requirements. An official transcript will be required prior to your appointment if selected. 


Other Qualifications

Job-related training courses (title and year)
Job-related skills, for example, typing speed, other languages, computer software/hardware, machinery, etc.
Job-related affiliations, honors, awards and special accomplishments, for example, publications, memberships in professional or honor societies, leadership activities, and performance awards, etc. (Give dates but do not send documents unless requested.)

References
Name
Phone Number
Reference Type (Professional, Personal, Academic) 

